I have been with Citibank for over ten years, so that's why I recommended it to my friends.The service was excellent, that's why I would recommend it to someone.Good service.The representatives, they all seemed that they were very interested in having a good sales, not sales, good customer service relationship and they were very nice. They were very, very helpful.I'm just not big on pushing banks like that. I don't know.I forgot the question.Because my problem has been resolved, satisfied.Seven means that I would be likely to make a recommendation, but I wouldn't necessarily offer one up without some kind of promptly about, someone who might ask about what bank I use.Because my experience with Citibank generally is very good, but the call, the survey conducted was a disaster.I did a seven, seven or eight to recommend to my friends, so I don't know.Because they handled a sensitive matter very quickly.No, I don't recommend it.I really like the service when I go to get cash or withdraw some, I mean deposit some money in my account.It was good, great quality, so I don't have any complaints. Citibank is really, really good. That's why I chose Citibank.I've always, they've always been good to me, so Citibank has, I've been dealing with them for years.Because apparently that I know isn't changing.I think everything is well answered and I would recommend this bank to anyone.Hello, could you call me back on that? Call me back, I'm busy right now. I've got to go somewhere. They are waiting for me.I entered that amount at the time because I was very satisfied with the way that I was served, the person that I talked to was very, very nice and answered my question and I was very satisfied.What?Because most people, although we recommend something they already have an account with other bank, then I did not give ten because usually almost all have bank accounts, but Citibank it is a good bank and for this I have it.I recommend it from the scale one to ten, I say eight.Is good this bank, good quality, they are very helpful and I would recommend to my friends and I give them ten.They are good and I recommend it to anybody, my family members and rate them ten.I think is a good bank, with good service to the customers, they take care of the necessities of the customers and they have effective solutions to problems that customer transmits.The representative that I spoke to spoke to me in a manner that I did not like, he was disregarding of the issue I was having with my debit card and spoke to me as if I were a child.I'm usually satisfied.Nothing.I would say because this problem happened already two times, I would not recommend it to my family or friends. I would say that they would have the same problem.Because the help was very professional and handled quickly, I was able to get a hold of them at an off hour.I definitely would recommend Citibank because they have such nice people that work there and helps with all your requests you have.I like Citibank more than any of the other banks.I would recommend someone to Citibank and I gave a seven because the individual was well versed in what they were looking for in terms of helping me.Seven because I don't have many friends.They are very nice and the person was very helpful and I really appreciated what he did for me because he helped me a lot.I've been a customer for a long time and I'm satisfied with the service and the banking, things that I use there. So that's why.Citibank because they gave us much facility to have an account free of charge.Because most of the time when I call my problems are resolved.Is my first time I called about my card, I always go to the bank, but it was fine how they treated me. Thanks.Yes, I would recommend to a friend.Difficulty in understanding language.I recommend it.My call dropped and no one contacted me to resolve my issue.Because they solved my problem completely.Ten.The service was fast and efficient. Didn't get the runaround.They handled my situation very well and I did not have to wait a long time.Lie.Well, I like the service. I like how people is kind and they answer my right question, what I have, by the right answer.Was very good.Ten.Because the bank gives very good service and really helps me with everything I had.Because Citibank is a good institution and the people working there are professionals.Because I like the bank's service.I recommend to a brother, more confidence, right, so far.Good service.Well, number ten to recommend to someone.Because they are efficient with what we need, they always are available, very kind, help you very quick.My questions were answered, the customer service representative was very friendly and helpful.I don't refer anyone to a bank anymore because interest rates on very low on all accounts.Well, because the service is great. They are so professional when I have any questions or something, the people in Citibank they are so professional and the service is great.Good, so far have treated me well, I have heard good things about the bank, the bank is good and thank God I have not yet had any problems.I like the service they have.It's an easy service and basically everything you are doing at this branch is pretty easy, I recommend it.Friendly and helpful.Every time I call the bank they put me on hold and I have to spend an hour to get some answers for my request. That's not good business.Easy enough to do business with.Because the representative helped me quick and very kind resolved all my questions.It has to do with accessibility.I'm satisfied.The service was very good.Citibank is easy to use in almost every state that I've ever been and also my husband has used it internationally.The main reason is because I found out that they were charging $10.00 a month for not having the minimum amount in my account. They said they sent a letter. I never got the letter, looks like everybody is desperate to make money, all banks.It is a bank that offers high reliability and is in many countries around the world, and that makes it reliable and safe to deposit your money.Was to recommend to a friend.I have received frequent issues involving my money, identity theft, problems with my card working, so I'm hesitant to recommend Citibank to other people.I recommend Citibank because it's easy to manage your account and also they can provide you with outstanding service, with customer service and I believe so they can help you anytime, anywhere there's a Citibank branch. Thank you.Well, because I always recommend Citibank, because for me has had excellent service and we have been satisfied with the service, that is all I can say and of course I recommend to a friend or family, we have even led several of our family there.They were basically just so kind and willing to help you.Excellent service.The person that answered the phone was very helpful with me and answered all my questions.Because they treated me very well.I don't know. I just, I've had a little problem with them once or twice, but nothing real serious.Good service and rated with six because was my first call I made and the representative was analyzing my questions, did not put me in hold but it was correct.Good service.Answered all my questions clearly, helped me understand what I don't understand with the account, understood and was well...Just the service we receive and the programs that are offered.Because they give a good service and I feel very satisfied, and therefore I recommend it to anyone to go to Citibank.Efficiency.I would recommend Citibank. Citibank is a very prestigious company. I've been a customer for such a long time. I would recommend them, but probably needs to improve more in customer service to help customers.Because they still have not solved my problem, was only theory.I would recommend them and they are very effective, the responses.Everything that I had to deal with was fine. Service was excellent. Thank you.People don't usually ask me what bank I recommend, it's just not something that comes up very often.My reason is that they were very helpful with any questions that I had, so that's it.Citibank is very knowledgeable and I've been with them a long time, and I'm very satisfied with their service. That's it. Thank you.I think recommend to any friend.The service is very good, I'm satisfied.The score is eight and I can recommend to a friend.I recommend to many people using Citibank because it is a very good bank, to us, the immigrants, really help us a lot as in money transfers is very economical compared to other banks.I've never had any problems with Citibank.Generally speaking I'm quite happy with Citibank goods and services. The customer service is fine, I have no complaints, I have no reason not to recommend them.Service that was offered to me by the agent was, treated me, helpful, the agent was courteous and polite, knowledgeable and was able to resolve my issue in a timely fashion. I've never had any problem with any of the services offered by Citibank.Ten on everything, you guys were spectacular.Good service.I was very happy when I called because they answered all of my questions and I wasn't expecting them to call and worry about the (inaud) that I'm getting, he's a very good man. Thank you.Very, very good.I just did because sometimes, not for that particular call, sometimes it takes a long time to get to the person you want.Well my question was answered, I wasn't transferred and I wasn't put on hold and I love it.I just think in general it's more a commercial bank than a personal bank.I'm satisfied with Citibank service.The service was excellent as was the customer representative, good job.The issue was resolved in quite a long time.I would recommend Citibank to someone because it works very well, worry when someone loses something, so I think this would be the best option they have with Citibank. That is all, thanks.It's just average because there's nothing that, there was nothing about that simple phone call that would make me go running to tell someone to join Citibank and there was nothing that would make me tell someone never to join Citibank.Good service and excellent (inaud).Is very good, is very good and I can recommend it to anyone, because is excellent.Because I think the representatives, are excellent representatives, they treat you very well, very polite and treat the customers very nice.Because the service I receive from this particular branch has been extremely good.Good, a ten.Customer service person just was good and answered my question.For the excellent customer service and services that are provided internationally.I think is good enough to recommend to a friend or family.I felt nine was appropriate.They are a good bank for me. I recommend them to any of my friends. Thank you.I'm extremely satisfied with the, satisfied with the service that Citibank provides. But the reason I recommend (inaud) a nine.He was very, very difficult to get past and I ended up having to make three calls to get past it. It was annoying.I'm retired from Citibank.The prompt service.There are no offices in Tucson. I can't recommend Citibank here, maybe somewhere else.Citibank does not have enough convenient locations.When people go to open an account in Citibank, you have to explain all the options and all the things we can do, only that when there are changes, tell the customers.Well, good service.Very happy with the business that I've done with Citibank.They weren't any more exceptional than any other bank.Everything was handled satisfactorily and I found out what I had to do, that's why I rated a ten.(inaud) more response.Although I am having with the issues, I trust that Citibank will fix the issue and I will be completely satisfied with their solution. That's why I'm still confident that I would recommend someone else to Citibank because I do like Citibank.The person I spoke to gave me an explanation for the letter I received that made no sense. She had no understanding or knowledge of what I was speaking about.I would refer them to a friend because of the friendly service, their patience and knowledge of the question you are asking and knowing the answer. Their personality and pleasant attitude.I've been doing business with Citibank for years now and I haven't had any problems at all.I have always had very good service from Citibank, never had a problem with them and I have two of them within fairly easy driving distance of my home, so that's why I would recommend them.I like the service. I've had it for 12 years and I'm completely satisfied with it.I truly love Citibank because I get everything answered and the service was extremely well and they go above and beyond to make sure that the customers are welcome. Judy Gonzales at the Danbury 132 branch is just amazing. Thank you very much. Bye.My only issue with Citibank is the representatives sometimes have a very strong accent. Sounds like they're in India and it's often difficult for me to understand their accent and it gets a little annoying at times.I left a ten because I felt the service was good and it was handled with professionalism and I got the results that I wanted. Thank you.I think it's always very efficient work done there, the representative are always very willing to help you and always take time to ensure that you understand very clearly what they are saying and that you're not (inaud).The Citibank is the best bank of the world. It's one of the banks that I always trust. It's the only one bank in the United States that I trust.My recent transactions with Citibank were not satisfactory, they were not professional, they made several errors on my computer, on my email. I've already mentioned this to one of your representatives.Their service is courteous and efficient. Thank you.I am a relatively new customer and all experiences that I've had so far with calling customer service has not been a good experience entirely.Because is a good bank, they always give a good service when we call, we can find out anything at any time and in any place we are, even in bed in your home, I like it for this. Thanks.They are wonderful bank, I never had any problems. They are very nice staff. Thanks Citibank.Well, I would recommend it because we are satisfied with Citibank, we have many years with Citibank.I believe in everyone making up his own mind as to which bank he would like to deal with and therefore I only gave a five, okay, I do not recommend banks.Approximately 40 years I've used them, I have been very happy and pleased with their services.I would certainly recommend Citibank to someone, a family or friend because they are very helpful, they get you what you need and they are very specific about their work.I would recommend someone to Citibank, one of my friends to Citibank, whoever, I would send them there.I was very satisfied with the answers that I received and the assistance that I received.I called with a question, they answered my question and I don't even remember the call, I have to be honest with you and that's all remember is I got the answer I called about.Every time I call they've been very nice, very courteous and patient with me. You know, they help me very well. I have no complaints.I have no problem, but if someone asks what I bank I use, I say Citibank and I say it's a good bank, I have no problem. But I can't force somebody, that's why I said nine. I can only make a suggestion and they have to make their own decision.Great service.I'm very satisfied with the service I've received from Citibank over the years that I've been affiliated with them.I'm unlikely to talk about recommending a bank to my friends, but I'm kind of disillusioned with Citigroup in general since 2008 in terms of the financial issues.In general even though I was satisfied with this particular call I find Citibank to be very bureaucratic and not caring about clients, especially longtime clients. I had several experiences before where my (inaud) were completely mishandled.Well they are good, Citibank is good. I've been dealing with them for five years and no complaints. Thank you.Mostly efficient, but apparently had difficulty understanding what I was saying.IVR_BLANKI gave ten because they are very professional and very above and beyond, I really appreciate the consideration I'm given and have prior referred you to several clients.I just want to say it's always a pleasure doing business with Citibank and the people are very friendly and open to whatever you ask them, they are knowledgeable, very knowledgeable and I just think Citibank is a great bank. Thank you.Their automated service that you call for Citibank is horrible.I guess I answered nine because I don't know that many people that currently need more banking services, but I would recommend Citibank.I'm very pleased with the service of Citibank, okay.The issue wasn't fully resolved and there was a little bit of a lack of communication in terms of what kind of card I was getting. That's it.In Spanish.The person was extremely courteous, very helpful, resolved all my questions, thanked me for being a Citibank customer for 12, 13 years, just all around nice.I would recommend it to a friend, because whenever I had a problem, they have managed to solve my problems.The service was outstanding.They treated me very cordially and answered well my questions.Because my question was answered in a timely manner.Good skills to identify issues, investigate situation, and solve the issues.Customer service representative was quick, attentive, patient, and understanding about my inquiry.Viki was polite, understanding and extremely helpful.Friendly service.Very helpful response from Citibank representative.I was worried about the call being dropped, but the representative couldn't or wouldn't take a call back number in case of such an event. The call was dropped and I would have to call back and restart.Because they have always been very professional in answering my questions.Because when I have an overdraft with checks they charged me twice for no have funds and for returning the check, which is not fair.I received attention in my preferred language although I speak English well, the attention was immediately, after confirming my identity, cordial and effective, guided me to the satisfactory resolution.Because they were very helpful.Very polite and they listened. They were not rude and did not rush me off the phone.My request was taken care of.Well, the reason why I rated this way is because the service is excellent given for the young lady that helped me, also for the speed with which she solved the problem I had.Immediate attention to my problem and solving it quickly.The staff is very kind and always helps to solve the problems associated with the account.Associate was helpful.Did not help at all. Made come into branch.Waited too long and had to be transferred but overall a hassle free call. I think 10 is the highest and Citibank did a good job.I'm getting overdraft fees after I have already received money and paid a bill its a lose lose situation I called to try to stop getting overdrafts was told there is nothing I could do.Good customer service.Customer service.Because the help they provided me was excellent.The call center agent was fine. The process to resolve my problem was labor intensive and time consuming.Very happy with service I received.Because the service was fast and efficient.Because it gives me very good service and solves my questions, at the time.I never received a notification (email or phone) that my ATM withdrawals had red flagged and reduced my limit to $200. 2 days later I discovered it when I needed $.IVR_BLANKThe machine did not recognize any of my data, and the person who helped me neither could find my information, but helped me very kindly until was able to find my information.Their professionalism.The representative was good but there is always room for improvement. He was excellent however, very courteous, professional and took ownership of the call.Because they treated me very well.For the service.They were very friendly and helpful and gave me clear information.I received excellent help with the concerns I had.They have always treated me well and the customer support has been speedy and friendly.Never let me down.Well the person was friendly enough, but they did not do what they said they would.Problem has happened more than once.Due to no proper response from the bank side, I am still waiting for my card from last 5 months.NA.My problem was with their ATM machine. I don't know if I would recommend the bank, due to the responses I received in the bank the day of my incident.Because where I live is in Reading, PA and there is no banks near here, the one that is here, is about an hour and a half from where I'm and I do not drive, otherwise it would have given a ten.I've had Citibank for decades and haven't had any major problems.Great customer service.Rapid response to request.Very well the translator, which would be fine if only one person is helping you and not two at once, but everything is excellent. Thanks for such good service.Efficient.For the efficiency, kindness and especially because they solved my problem.I always have problems with my card, they have changed the plastic and I still have problems for almost everything, especially with transfers to Mexico from an ATM, no one knows why.Good service.They were very helpful and actually refunded some bank fees.Service is always great. The offers are above average.Very disappointed how all the customer service reps but the last one I talked handled my situation. They gave me the wrong information and lied.The service and satisfaction received, thanks to the solution of my problem, deserves that rating.Friendly and plethora of customer service.Citibank is the best I have ever been with, They provide information when u ask for it.Good service.The online banking and credit card system was not working / accounts not being pulled up. Citi emphasis is online banking but for their system to not work is totally unacceptable.The response was professional and, while not exactly what I wanted to hear she did give an accurate response that was followed up by a call from the branch.It's very hard and difficult to get someone that understands, speaks fluent English, so that's why I gave a low score.The issue was not resolved. The fee's for insufficient funds needs to be refunded, due to the fact that this is an elderly retirement account and it was charged $136.00 for 2 checks.Competent.I am very happy with my banks service and convenience.The agent was respectful and helpful with my questions.My wallet was stolen while in Turkey. The first attempt at sending a new ATM card to my home was never accomplished.Costumer service and no hide fees.I tried to transfer money to my son who has an account with Bank of America and it took me 4 days to do so because they kept holding up the transfer with no explanation.Been with the bank for years, never had any serious discrepancy to note.IVR_BLANKService, account set up and operation.Because they have very good customer service.The service I received was sub par. Both the person I spoke with in live chat was unhelpful and took a long time to write very empty answers, and the rep in the checking department I spoke with on the...Because the service is great, that's all you need, a bank that takes care of your money, and understand your needs.Excellent service.I'm happy with the way my account is being handled and the customer service people at the bank are okay.They very professional.The automated machine was very poor... I had lost my credit card and called to notified Citibank. It took me more than 10 attempts to be able to talk to someone as the system was not routing me to...I think that you give a good service to the customers.I like Citibank, the attention and all their services.IVR_BLANKThe $20.00 service charge on an inactive account was stupid. The balance was less than the service charge and resulted in what Citibank called overdrawn.Spent too much time in getting the information I needed.First customer service representative was not aware what I am asking. Then I told her that I want to talk to the manager. Everything went well after that.Its decent. Customer service people are nice.Checking my account balance.The customer service was quick, professional and solved my problem immediately.Efficiency, professionalism and outcome.They welcomed me and value my concerns. I felt comfortable about their concerns about my financial situation. They was on top of it when it came to that manner. The was courtesy and respectful.The employees and representatives in the Dublin branch in Alameda County are very well trained and very personable and very accommodating.They have excellent service, but charge many fees.I've been with Citibank since 1960 something and I'm perfectly satisfied, otherwise I would have transferred to another bank.Called to inquire about the status of an eft, was assured it was processed then the following day my account showed it was not processed the. Charged $34 in fees when the agent told me otherwise.Citibank is a very good bank with excellent customer service.I recommend it in part because they only partially solve my problems and they never give me a satisfactory solution to the end.Because the customer, the credit customer service is very, very poor and calling Citibank regarding an issue, nothing will be resolved from Citibank, so that is the reason I never recommend anybody to the Citibank.Quick to respond and with the right answer.Customer service representative was very kind and helpful.Because she was helpful and understanding and listen to what my concerns were.Very helpful n polite.Because when I called, I was treated with respect and integrity, and helped me to solve the problem I communicate them.Because was accurate and I didn't have to explain to much about mi concerns and she help me so fast.Person was friendly!Citibank has high fees all around and by comparison is very expensive to have accounts open. I pay at least $25 each month in regular fees...and now come the hidden fees..legally stealing..thats Citi!My problem wasn't resolved. I called to stop a charge from transmitting. I was told it would fall off and it hasn't. I've made numerous attempts to email the company and they have not responded.Citibank always answers my questions, there is someone always there for any kind of help that is needed and any problems are resolved right away.Clarification on some charges.Very poor customer service, poor phone quality, bad connection.The representatives were very courteous.I am not very happy with the products Citibank offers at my (relatively low) balance level.Because online and by phone on the first try, they could not help me, and what I asked was very simple.Good service.Complete, concise, professional, friendly, smiling, didn't seem bothered by anything I asked and just overall excellent service.The representative was polite, she listened and then she began to assist me to resolve my questions and she answered them clearly and concisely and at all times she was very professional.I get help to my bet ability.The fact that Citibank representatives are sometimes not knowledgeable, the fact that Citibank puts you on hold for an extended long time and the fact that Citibank, even though I've banked with them for so long, just don't understand people's needs.The representative gave me the wrong information.They can't solve my problem.When speaking to reps at Citibank, they are very helpful and respectful. Don't pick up any smug attitude when speaking to them.I have banked with Citi for over 21 years. The Customer Service is the reason that I remain here; even though I can get better rates elsewhere.The bank representative was willing to listen to my cause of calling Citibank, and she did help me by responding to me in a reasonable and positive way.Everyone involved was very helpful.Because the main client service representative was based in the US, was helpful, patient and easy to understand. She stayed on the line with me while she conferenced in three other reps.When I called the rep could not help. She told me to call another number. When I called the 2nd number, I was told that everyone from the department was in a meeting and to call 2 hours later.Because!!! The personnel who works there who supported be professional they NOT Need more training OK thanks.Poor customer service.I was satisfied with the information I was given. It was what I needed and that is what I got. Thank you.Service and resolution were OK.No satisfaction with outcome of call.I would recommend Citibank to a friend or family for the quality of service, professionalism and the products that suit specifically to the needs of their customers.I've been a satisfied customer for over 30 years.I called to place a stop payment and the lady said my bill-pay was stop that it wasn't going to get paid but it did when I called back they told me that she didn't do it right I need that money.I was given misinformation.Decent customer service.Very good service, very helpful and they solved my problem immediately.Your Citi card 800 number is the worst. Nothing I was told was true. I am still waiting for the information I was promised. I call to follow up and all your phone person could do was to read a script.Staff very friendly and attend to my concern promptly.The rep what respectful of my time and handled my situation promptly.An overcharge recently - the bad, good resolution - the good.Great service.Good service, but online payments can be slow.This call was to make up for wrong information from a previous call.Good service.Good service.Great service, prompt and friendly.I was pleased with the results from my call.Professionalism and understanding of the issues in the call.That was a good score.I like the services Citibank offers.The response was pleasant.Because they have very good customer service.Each time you call Citi you get a rep in DIFFERENT down or countries who knows nothing about your previous problem(s) but assumes they are informed. Customer is steered in different directions with...By the way I was treated by the person I was talking, besides that took the trouble to call me later, because at that time could not perform the operation I needed.Very helpful, friendly and easy to contact.Not enough Citibank locations. Nearest one is an hour away. Web tech was not knowledgeable about how to handle my problem. Told me it was corrected - but it was not.My problem could not be solved with this call, I have the idea that the representative who called me did not have the sufficient authority to resolve.The service provided by Citibank I consider excellent.They always give a good service and answer all your questions.I tried to resolve an issue - which eventually it was. However, I used both your 'Live Chat' feature, customer service (telephone call), and your bank mail. All three gave me a different answer.Because not all the representatives are professionals to help, some do not care.Citi lacks agencies in Atlanta.Reject my direct deposit and everyone I'd giving me the run around. I have no money in my account and can't buy food for my kids tonight.Superb personal banking experience, especially online and great customer service.For my paperless statements.Double billed.No access to my account on the web.Because I had very bad experience with Citibank, I have a month and something trying to solve a problem with my account and so far I have not solved, imagine if I can recommend Citibank.Okay, it was just that the automated system, I wasn't able to find my balance right away which just took like ten minutes trying to get to the automated thing and finally I just was transferred to your representative, that was about it.2 separate financial errors involving my checking account by Citibank.Good.In recent times they have closed down our Citibank branch. The nearest one to us about 3 miles away.Very helpful and very convenient.Resolved my concern in an efficient manner.Given to their attention and service, I consider it as fair.The representative was kind, she helped me out a lot and she found out everything that I needed to know.Good service.I complex procedure did not work and the technician was unable to help me. I tried to do a banking step I have done before but could not get it to work, so I had to go to two banks in person to get I...Rep was polite and quick overall a positive call.Had some difficulty getting to a live representative to handle my problem.Because we take all time to have all explanation.The way they interact with me is interesting and I like their services.They answered my question and were honest about they told me.Might or might not recommend.Poor service.Citibank do not have systems in place to handle non US Citizen account holders well. E.g. Citibank can not store my non US phone number! So no one at the bank can contact me if there is any issues.Citibank has always provided me with top notch customer service and it's been easy to make immediate contact with their representatives.Very attentive to my needs.Nice and respectful.Very friendly and polite personal.I have always been treated with a positive, friendly and helpful attitude.Because the first call taker was rude and hung up on me. The reason they received an 8 was because the next two calls where handled very well.Citibank has always been reliable & dependable. When I was in a money crunch, the reps were knowledgeable in helping me problem-solve.I would recommend it because they are highly efficient and they definitely try to get to the point with you and not beat around the bush, they let you know what it is. So I would definitely recommend that because of that.Citibank messed up twice. My daughter has now been without a debit card since last Wednesday and I now have 2 new debit cards even though I never needed one to begin with.Excellent attention and concern to my matters.I gave a ten because all of my questions were always answered in a timely manner and the answers were accurate.