I was pleasantly surprised - I have contacted HP before and I found that even though the consultants spoke English it was had do   understand and be understood.  So this was a pleasant surprise.When I rang I could hardly understand a word the person was saying. It has not fixed the problem and I now have to seek another way of fixing the computer. I will never again buy anything from Dick Smith there service is disgusting.I have never had such a great experience with a help line before. I have mentioned it to all my friends.Still awaiting outcomeSimply great - Solved my problem -I purchased an item with not enough information on operation.  On contacting HP the result was 'something to do with the telephone line' but not clear what!Patient and helpful responses from all involvedLovely representative to deal with.  Very easy process to order consumables and received in the timeframe stated.Quickly identified networking problem. Listened attentively and comunicated clearly despite language differenceI asked what the problem was with my updates and dygnotics could be corupted and if the machine was working alright then not to worry about it.No printer available for a USB 3 port so stuck without a printeryes my hp touchsmart 520 wont work with windows 8 now cant access internet dead computerStill trying to resolve major printing issues using CorelDraw X6 on a Windows XP platformI was new to this printer and was very glad to speak to such a helpful personThe consultant is very pleasant and helpful and very patient and calm especially dealing with the elderly customer. I really appreciate it. Thank you.I feel goodMarisse has been very thorough and helpful in guiding me through my problem.  She is a true professional and a great asset to the company.Respondent also proved further guidance hp system.Your representative spent a long time going through the difficult task of resolving my problem.I   appreciate his patience and concern in guiding me through this process.very polite and understandingPlease ensure your customer service staff know what an eftpos machine is.excellant service very polite operatorMy 4in1 HP Deskjet Ink Advantage cant be used for fax purposes.I am happy with the service & that my problem has been solvedunfortuntaley it would appear my printer was brocken it appears ashame that it proves more difficult to have it fixed rather than   having to buy a new oneVery disappointed on the machine(HP Officejet 7500A) performinggentleman extremely polite & helpfulI have been advised to contact my telephone service provider to see if they can resolve my issue.I called for support at a time that the service was not available. I managed to solve the problem without waiting two days to call back.noThey suggested System restore which did not work and then system recovery which I did not want to do. Ended up somewhat fixing the problem myself with google and a registry repair serviceProblem is yet to be resolved. Waiting for a phone call from HPall goodmy problem with my HP pavillion system still occurs. it starts up regularly with the original HP home   screen and all user settings reset. I have to back up from a restore program to rectify the problem.   very frustratingwe bought a new windows 8 hp laptop the ENVYm6 and we already had a hp printer I when to set up the   printer with the new laptop and it said we needed windows 7 or windows vista. The guy i talked to at   hp sent me the right driversEach time I rang re the problem I had to start all over again and the technician got me to do the same troubleshooting againThe HP technical support officer was extremely friendly  patient and eager to help and resolved the issue - I am impressedTook more tha an an hour to resolve  the user guide needs to be written in simple terminology .  Still don't know how to use   the duplex part of this printer.Very good indeed. He had great patience with me. I'm not completely au fait with the set up but I think I need practice before I ask any more questions.The technician was very patient and made sure I understood everything I needed to know.Had to uninstall previous version of HP Support Assistant due to an error issue.  Installed the latest version of HP Support Assistant.  Help was much appreciated.  Thank you very much.After receiving very good support over the telephone you also asked me to answer survey questions.  I don't agree that it is necessary to request two surveys.Printer failed twice under warrnty and recently I am waiting 3 weeks for a resolution. I have had to buy another printer in the meantime and it wasn't HPVery helpful knowledgeable and professional! Well done.The Consultant's spoken English was not really good and he took sometime to identify the actual nature of the problem despite   repeated explanations.  Once identified and  I suspect  with some background consultation the problem was solved very easily.I can speak highly enough of the assistance & resolution to the problem I encountered.  Highly impressed with HP Support & have already told friends & family.Confidence in the positive attitude that the problem would be solved  was patient and understandingRelieved to get the problem fixedThe young lady was very good & patient in resolving the immediate problem.  The equipment is poor as HP 's system causes address protical problems which a technician needed to sort outProblem tackled in a systematic way to eliminate all possible causes until a solution was foundHP rang me back twice to resolve the problem - no other support centre has done that before.Very helpful impressed.My printer will still not connect wireless  and it seems it will never.I found the service person very helpful  but the process of going through particular steps was very laborious.  the call took more than an hour of time.Went through a great deal of time to resolve the problem which I ended up solcving myself - the wifi was not selected  the printr was set on manual.Windows gave me a temporary login which meant I could not access any of my files on my computer.  The technician identifed the problem and walked me through the steps required to fix the problem. The problem was completely fixed within 15 minutesMost impressed by rate of response to my phone call  good value for service.noVery goodI'd like to say the young lady was fantastic toward me as I'm elderly & very new to a computer & printer.I rang up about one problem but the fellow picked up on another prob I didn't really think could be fixed.  He helped me with both in the one session  he was very professional indeed.It should be on my file.  We have repeated this story to HP 3 times.I am not very computer literate. I spoke to two consultants. Both were very patient and communicated very wellnoStill haven't got Fax working.  Need a professional to come and try to connect the Phone line?????Yes I know have to take everything of my computer and start from factory settings.Girl was esxceptionally pleasant and patientVery satisfied with the result. The person I dealt with was very helpful.The enquiry was about using the efax facility of my new printer. Which I was told by the retailer was a feature of the Envy 110. I was then advised by HP that this was not a feature of my printer.  Please see Ref 8062566775the installation of the printer wirelessly is unnecessarily too complex. I spent a week doing numerous   installations  uninstalls etc .. I returned the printer and purchased a Canon printer which I   installed wirelessly on 3 PCs in 30 minutesSatisfied with outcome and technician curteous  efficient and solved issuesetting up an sprint accountTesting was done over the phone and was patient and well paced.  the outcome was that it was a chip problem that was not a repair   issue.  I so like HP that I have replace it with another current model.staff were very helpful and patientIt was a simple solution and took but a few minutes to resolve. I got a follow up call to see if it had been resolved. That was great to hear.I could not find how to get out of safe mode. your staff told me how .I suggest a note in your help section under safe mode(how to get out of safe mode when in safe mode MSCONFIG.)It Hasn't been resolved yet as I'm waiting on a technician to repair a part and correct an audio problemI have a Ink System Failure    0xc19a0023  I was told to buy a printhead for  $ 75.00 but would not   assure this would solve the problem.I purchased a new printer which did not work. The service dept. assessed it to be this way and referred me back to the vendor for a replacement or refund.Excellent resolution of problemYou sent me a defective replacement printer. Thanks to your support team I now own a shiny  new canon printerDifficult to understand support person. When all tests done HP system fell over and could not issuse a return docket. Took printer back to shop where bought and they changed it. I should he=ave done this firsr instead of wasting an hour talking to HPBad experience   never again buy HP   products.I am happy with HP support service. The staff sounded friendly  helpful and patient.Brand new Laserjet 1536MFP but drivers never worked on my standard Win7 PC. Very poor effort by HP to ensure drivers worked.Printer suddenly stopped workingI found the technician was very professional  knowledgeable  courteous and thorough and thoroughly recommend   her for any Award that HP may afford top rating staff members.I was told that my problem was a problem with my Navman and told to ring them which I didGood but hard to understand the operatives' english.I was advised that the firmware upgrade wasn't working because it was not connected via USB.  It did not work with USB or   without.  So the advice was not accurate.I purchased a new HP Laptop and could not connest to the Printer via USB cable.I am very happy with the service so far.I was very happy with my experience and my problem was resolved very quickly.Unbelievably impressed with the speed in which my issue was resolved. Despite the fact that it was my stupidity that caused   the problemAll goodI was very pleased with the way in which my problem was attend too.crapvery frienly and helpfulonly that the person was good and he knew his stuffI was very lucky to have a great representative to assist me on this occassion but I do have to add that I have some terrible ones.Very accommodating staff.  Nice discussion about the weather in Manila also.the support person was very patient and professionalI could not get the system image reloaded with Hp recovery centre so downloaded Acronis True Image which worked perfectly  unlike the system repair disc which was uselessGreat service and easy tro follow instructionsthe technician was polite and patient and friendlyexcellent service from angelBeing a novice with computers and printers I was very pleased to get such excellent helpPerson I spoke to was courteous  clear  patient and knew exactly what to do!Very friendly & helpfulthe person that help me was very good and understandingThe last question is in general terms. I would not recommend the purchase of this model of printer.ref 8063096782 ernie was so good at his job and his help i will def will buy hp products agai  thanl you all .don stewartMy experience with Hewlett Packard was very positive. However  I did eventually find resolution  to the problem myself. Thank you:  Ray Miller.Expected to carry out a lengthy procedure to identify the problem while still on my international call - had to suggest that the support person rang back later.very pleasant to talk with and patient.The problem was not with the printer but my lack of wi-fi line in to the house.The man I spoke to I felt did not listen to what I was saying and did not understand my ignorance of   what he was telling me.Marvin was amazing  very patient with my limited pc knowledge and very patient with my 3yo daughters   constant interuptions.I waisted 3.5 hours of my day with your pathetic technician and all he could tell me was my iMac is not the best suited for hp   printers. My scanner is not working and no one seems to know what the hell is going on a hp. I'm sorry u guys are patheticI had a problem and you tried to help me fix it but it was not an HP issue. despite this the person I spoke to was as helpful as they were able and also very polite.Having lots of comm errors with faxes coming in  and going out.Unable to obtain IP address/number.  Only 10.0.0.4 available on printer which is an auto IP.  Therefore printer is back in box   as it doesn't work.  your consultant extremely helpful and patient  but very disappointed with useless printer.noThe person had a lot of patience with me that is not very good with computers or any thing technicalIssue not fully resolved because there is no HP printer driver for my new computerE print not working on Mac book airOnline help did not work on iPad  so had to use phone because computer did not worki though the exerience good till the the end to speaking to the manager  how it was more of a closing   statment and though it was rude of her to be like this  even if my print cartridge was a falt  NOT my   printer.... NOT happyFilipina service agent spoke clearly and was super courteous  patient  methodical and unhuured.  The unhurried part was especially a blessing as I am a 'senior' and not overly confident in computer tech stuff.wireless key board failure second day of operation.keyboard to be replaced.Excellent product  and this is the first hiccup that I was unsure of resolving by myself.  I was delighted with Rave's attitude  and   expertise.I partly solved the problem with printing envelopes. However it now produces a blank with every one printed and neither I nor HP seem to know why or how to overcome this.Everything went well  but had a problem understanding the person on the other end of the phone  regarding speaking English clearly. I had to repeat a few things so that I could understand them correctly.I like HP but the website did not help me  it was a software problem and it's still a problem.   Window's 8it was one of the best  support experiences I ever had. A friendly and professional person with knowledge and kindness.Despite several communications  my one-week old computer keeps crashing  the graphic card hangs and   I've had no response from you  at all.turned out to be a microsoft problemYou were unable to solve the problem due to your software not being compatible with iMac 10.8.2.No email reply to my questionsI found the help desk person difficult to understand.  The issue (being unable to scroll an internet   page) was only partially resolved however this is a problem with the internet rather than the computerExcellent help and service.  Many thanks ROULAYour  explanation was helpful & your response generous.Many thanks Frank GasteenI am still confused?  If i have a paid original version of window 7 ultimate why do i have to buy another package through windows anytime upgradeRay was very knowledgable & maintained his professionalism throughout exercise as I have not had any experience in the   past.my computer is still not workingTechnician advised that the problem was with my desktop computer  not the printer  so I will be seeking further help elsewhere. The printer worked with two laptops  so likely to be USB driver issue or similar.the printer keeps disconnecting from the internet has for the last  3 weeks and have not resolved   problem. IT HAS TO HAVE THE MODEM DICONNECTED EACH MORNING.  HAVE SPENT $400.00 ON TECHNIIONS TO TRY TO FIX IT (TRUE)   ANY IDEA WHY THIS HAPPENS?Can only endorse the above ratings.George was the operator who answered my call for help.  I appreciated his patience and understanding as I am 89 years old.  Thank you to George and HP.  lolag@bigpond.comTime is not the factor the most importance thing to the resolve the problem.  A very special thank to Jonathan of Philippines for being very patience with me.  Thank you HP.  Eugene KhooTechnician had excellent manner and helped in a calm patient way and stepped me through each stage so the issue was able to be resolved efficiently.nilGreat listener  asked relevant questions  clarified the problem.I was not made to feel an idiot for not coping on my own which was a nice change with computer support. Thanksstill having problems  not sure what it isI had no idea how to work this machine and am happy to just print  maybe later I will ring again and find out out to Scan and print in   colour.I could not be more pleased with the expert attention my problem received and the way it was resolved.Great! Good job!!Hp solved my problem. I want to say thanks to hpWhen i need technical support  its very hassle to ask a layman consumer to perform all type of   checking for hour  instead of just sent a technician to come and find out what go wrong. Very not user   friendly.One should not have to go all that trouble to set up a new computer  especially when I am paying a technician to do the operation  1 1/2 hrs wasted @ $95.00 p/h. HP should make installation simple.No  do not replywas to hard to work out my situationproblem not resolved and yesterday I received a phone call form someone saying they were from Microsoft Windows and error messages were being received by them  indicating a malignant virus. As I had not contacted them  I was suspicious and hung up.I ended up paying $140 for a knowledgable local technition to solve the problem which i feel could have been done over the phone  not happy  CharlieI still haven't resolved problem yet. Have ordered a new modem to see if that is causing the wi fi communication problem from   computer to printer.GreatThe person who helped my (Ryan) was very patient  friendly but professional and I felt he really   wanted to resolve my problem - which he did.  Thank goodness there are smart people working for HP in   the Philippines!Both staff i spoke to were very helpful and patient.  Thank you!Turns out once I put in all new cartridges the new HP black 564 worked whereas it showed up as faulty...bit of an odd one.English hard to understand at times but overall experience excellent as usual.The assistant was very patient me being an old Fossil not very technically savvy  she made it very easy.I couldn't connect my new HP to my wireless network at home  the solution was to go to my network provider to give the right codes which I now have yippee  also very helpful.He was more interested in sending me to a computer repairer than trying to help identify the problem.   My computer still gets a very noisy hum which is very annoying.It does not happen all the time.The person did not listen and the issue remains unresolved- why should I bother contacting u again and wasting over 1 hour   of my time and still not getting anywhereI was very impressed with Heidi's professionalism & communication skills. She was able to effectively isolate the problem which led to it's eventual resolution to my satisfactionThe gentleman who resolved my issue was warm in manner  extremely courteous  got to the heart of the problem and fixed it.  It was a perfect example of great care to the customer.Problem unresolved. Questionairre too early in process. In meantime wasting large quantities of inkI couldn't even get onto a relevant site to ask a question.I have 2 new printers which are useless with windows 8  and have needed to go another brother printer   so that i can scan my documents and put the other printers in the new box.wasting time only.Keep Up the good job. TQIt was great to be able to have everything resolved so quickly. THANKYOU VERY MUCH.Possible external problem with Seagate back up hard driveVery satisfied with the person I dealt with.  CongratulationsLovely technician and extremely helpfulI told your ???? whatever he is the HP Desktop was going into the bin  and an i3 Acer would be put back on as it is more reliable.I was unable to print from my computer or scan from the printer - all connections to our 3 computers are wireless.  Whilst it did take 2 hours on the phone  the problem was ultimatly solved.Dealing with an oversees call centre is always a problem trying to understand dialects.Your employee Dale was extremely polite and very professional I am always going to purchase HPI was impressed with thoroughness of your representative and his resolve to solve the problem.I NEEDED TO EMPLOY AN EXTERNAL IT SPECIALIST TO CORRECT THE PROBLEM - YOUR STAFF COULD NOT RECOMMEND A FIXI would like to thank your team for their excellent help and patience in helping to set up my computer and printer.I should know what to do if the same problem occurs again with my printerI was promised a call back 5 days ago to get the problem fixed. I didnt get one so i took the computer to a repair shop and paid to get it fixed so much for warrentyI spoke with jun who helped me with my technical problem. he was very patient and extremely helpful!!The speed and manner in which my problems and concerns were corrected very timely. I whish to thank your staff for their friendly and personable approach when they spoke to me while giving advise.A very good result.  It took the operator a little time to come to  grips with the iMac problem but in the end his advice was accurate.    The system now works as it should.Person was polite  helpful  understandingwell im still waiting for a return phone call to resolve issue!  ref #8063234116VERY  PLEASEDI could not speak highly enough of the lady who was the support person. I was very very impressed. We lost phone contact a   couple of times and she instantly phoned me back. She was fantastic.the person I spoke with was very professional and most of all her english and understanding was goodit was a simple problem that I was told not do with hp but bigpond this was not correct and I found out how to fix the problem on googleWireless issue. Not desk pc problem.Extremely professional  efficent and pleasantHP is a good product but the technical support team's ability to handle problems needs to improve.  The lady finally called back but while waiting for that  I managed to solve the problem myself.we were fobbed off being told we had a virus we did not have a virus the problem lay with a microsoft updateThe problem i am having is intermitent so i think the tech people are saying it is a software problem where i am convinced it is some type of hardware issue.disappointed in the time of reset(5  plus hrs) on both occasions reported this told it would be passed on and explanation would be sent for excessive time (time expected was 45 min)roughly thank you fd .I was having issues with my internet and was not able to use printer wirelessly.  This was resolved with your patient technical support.  Thank you for thatIssue. Not resolved yet - win 8 tiles not workingI was pleased that the advisor went over and above what I would have expected. Most appreciatedEcessive familiarity by the operator. People shouldn't rush in to be on a christian or given name basis with clients.I was unable to check my ink levels and asked your support persom for help. She walked me through   solving my problem successfully.Hi  Even with maximum force I could not Remove the plastic covers on a new set of HP Ink cartridges.  From my experience the covers should be redesigned so they come of easier.Disappointing support. Took t6oo long just to identify proble. Unable to offer solution. Worst than going online to find out myself.Installation if wireless printer- Very Goodshocking  unable to understand  had to repeat what I said constantly  what was not clearInformation given very helpful.I was disappointed in the accompanying instruction documentation.I was happy with Jimmy and his pleasant mannerThe sound system has often faulted and appears to self correct.The Self help system indicates audio is on with volume setting high.When system is rebooted there is no  startup sound.Still loking into it when i have time to get my resolution.Printer connected to computer after complet Restore to factory settingsI had just purchased the printer. Problem was fixed straight away. thanksI was very pleased with the way they helped me instal my new printer great people to deal with i cannot thank them enough  regards brian walkerVery GoodAll I wanted was a new paper tray for my HP PhotoSmart B110a.  It's a commonly-broken and easily-replaced plastic part on the front   of the printer.  And completely unobtainable for no obvious reason.It took the gain city salesperson more than a day to get a hp technician to call me. Then it was a no call. Took another 2 days   for the salesman to call hp again to call me a second time. Finally a technician called and solved my problem.Diligent serviceYour first technician couldn't help me  He referred me to Bigpond  they sent me back to you and the second technician was excellent thank youi assume this is for Lance service ticket # 8063648207I was pleased with the help I receivedVery hard to find your TecSupport telephone numberI have never had a worst experience with a product in my life timeVery Pleased with the serviceScot was very friendly and helpfulTen out of ten for Edwin for his clarity of speech  politeness  patience and helpfulness.Both the people i delt with were great and very patientThe issued was eventually diagnosed as an operating system errorExtremely happy excellent advisorsFirst class back-up service  helpful assistance.....Michelle was  very knowdgeable  very quick  and communicated effectively  and there was always a tinge of sincerityMy questions were answered in a concise & easy to understand way. There seemed no problem that was unsolvable.It appears to be a problem with this model. The display doesn't turn off when it is set to. I doubt that I will by a HP PC again.I was very satisfied with the way your staff attended to me even though the issue was not resolved. He was very   accommodating and very patient  and very much willing to assist.