I was pleasantly surprised - I have contacted HP before and I found that even though the consultants spoke English it was had do   understand and be understood.
It has not fixed the problem and I now have to seek another way of fixing the computer.
Still awaiting outcomeSimply great - Solved my problem -I purchased an item with not enough information on operation.
On contacting HP the result was 'something to do with the telephone line' but not clear what!
Patient and helpful responses from all involvedLovely representative to deal with.
No printer available for a USB 3 port so stuck without a printeryes my hp touchsmart 520 wont work with windows 8 now cant access internet dead computerStill trying to resolve major printing issues using CorelDraw X6 on a Windows XP platformI was new to this printer and was very glad to speak to such a helpful personThe consultant is very pleasant and helpful and very patient and calm especially dealing with the elderly customer.
Thank you.
Respondent also proved further guidance hp system.
I am happy with the service & that my problem has been solvedunfortuntaley it would appear my printer was brocken it appears ashame that it proves more difficult to have it fixed rather than   having to buy a new oneVery disappointed on the machine(HP Officejet 7500A) performinggentleman extremely polite & helpfulI have been advised to contact my telephone service provider to see if they can resolve my issue.
I called for support at a time that the service was not available.
noThey suggested System restore which did not work and then system recovery which I did not want to do.
Waiting for a phone call from HPall goodmy problem with my HP pavillion system still occurs.
it starts up regularly with the original HP home   screen and all user settings reset.
very frustratingwe bought a new windows 8 hp laptop the ENVYm6 and we already had a hp printer I when to set up the   printer with the new laptop and it said we needed windows 7 or windows vista.
The guy i talked to at   hp sent me the right driversEach time I rang re the problem I had to start all over again and the technician got me to do the same troubleshooting againThe HP technical support officer was extremely friendly  patient and eager to help and resolved the issue - I am impressedTook more tha an an hour to resolve  the user guide needs to be written in simple terminology .
Still don't know how to use   the duplex part of this printer.
I'm not completely au fait with the set up but I think I need practice before I ask any more questions.
The technician was very patient and made sure I understood everything I needed to know.
Had to uninstall previous version of HP Support Assistant due to an error issue.
Installed the latest version of HP Support Assistant.
Thank you very much.
I have had to buy another printer in the meantime and it wasn't HPVery helpful knowledgeable and professional!
The Consultant's spoken English was not really good and he took sometime to identify the actual nature of the problem despite   repeated explanations.
Highly impressed with HP Support & have already told friends & family.
The equipment is poor as HP 's system causes address protical problems which a technician needed to sort outProblem tackled in a systematic way to eliminate all possible causes until a solution was foundHP rang me back twice to resolve the problem - no other support centre has done that before.
Very helpful impressed.
My printer will still not connect wireless  and it seems it will never.
I found the service person very helpful  but the process of going through particular steps was very laborious.
Went through a great deal of time to resolve the problem which I ended up solcving myself - the wifi was not selected  the printr was set on manual.
Windows gave me a temporary login which meant I could not access any of my files on my computer.
noVery goodI'd like to say the young lady was fantastic toward me as I'm elderly & very new to a computer & printer.
We have repeated this story to HP 3 times.
I am not very computer literate.
Both were very patient and communicated very wellnoStill haven't got Fax working.
Need a professional to come and try to connect the Phone line?????
The person I dealt with was very helpful.
The enquiry was about using the efax facility of my new printer.
I was then advised by HP that this was not a feature of my printer.
I returned the printer and purchased a Canon printer which I   installed wirelessly on 3 PCs in 30 minutesSatisfied with outcome and technician curteous  efficient and solved issuesetting up an sprint accountTesting was done over the phone and was patient and well paced.
the outcome was that it was a chip problem that was not a repair   issue.
I so like HP that I have replace it with another current model.
staff were very helpful and patientIt was a simple solution and took but a few minutes to resolve.
I got a follow up call to see if it had been resolved.
I could not find how to get out of safe mode.
)It Hasn't been resolved yet as I'm waiting on a technician to repair a part and correct an audio problemI have a Ink System Failure    0xc19a0023  I was told to buy a printhead for  $ 75.00 but would not   assure this would solve the problem.
I purchased a new printer which did not work.
The service dept.
Excellent resolution of problemYou sent me a defective replacement printer.
Thanks to your support team I now own a shiny  new canon printerDifficult to understand support person.
When all tests done HP system fell over and could not issuse a return docket.
Took printer back to shop where bought and they changed it.
I should he=ave done this firsr instead of wasting an hour talking to HPBad experience   never again buy HP   products.
I am happy with HP support service.
The staff sounded friendly  helpful and patient.
Very poor effort by HP to ensure drivers worked.
Printer suddenly stopped workingI found the technician was very professional  knowledgeable  courteous and thorough and thoroughly recommend   her for any Award that HP may afford top rating staff members.
I was advised that the firmware upgrade wasn't working because it was not connected via USB.
It did not work with USB or   without.
So the advice was not accurate.
I purchased a new HP Laptop and could not connest to the Printer via USB cable.
I am very happy with the service so far.
I was very happy with my experience and my problem was resolved very quickly.
Unbelievably impressed with the speed in which my issue was resolved.
the support person was very patient and professionalI could not get the system image reloaded with Hp recovery centre so downloaded Acronis True Image which worked perfectly  unlike the system repair disc which was uselessGreat service and easy tro follow instructionsthe technician was polite and patient and friendlyexcellent service from angelBeing a novice with computers and printers I was very pleased to get such excellent helpPerson I spoke to was courteous  clear  patient and knew exactly what to do!
Very friendly & helpfulthe person that help me was very good and understandingThe last question is in general terms.
I would not recommend the purchase of this model of printer.
very pleasant to talk with and patient.
The problem was not with the printer but my lack of wi-fi line in to the house.
The man I spoke to I felt did not listen to what I was saying and did not understand my ignorance of   what he was telling me.
I waisted 3.5 hours of my day with your pathetic technician and all he could tell me was my iMac is not the best suited for hp   printers.
My scanner is not working and no one seems to know what the hell is going on a hp.
I'm sorry u guys are patheticI had a problem and you tried to help me fix it but it was not an HP issue.
despite this the person I spoke to was as helpful as they were able and also very polite.
Only 10.0.0.4 available on printer which is an auto IP.
Therefore printer is back in box   as it doesn't work.
your consultant extremely helpful and patient  but very disappointed with useless printer.
noThe person had a lot of patience with me that is not very good with computers or any thing technicalIssue not fully resolved because there is no HP printer driver for my new computerE print not working on Mac book airOnline help did not work on iPad  so had to use phone because computer did not worki though the exerience good till the the end to speaking to the manager  how it was more of a closing   statment and though it was rude of her to be like this  even if my print cartridge was a falt  NOT my   printer.... NOT happyFilipina service agent spoke clearly and was super courteous  patient  methodical and unhuured.
The unhurried part was especially a blessing as I am a 'senior' and not overly confident in computer tech stuff.
I like HP but the website did not help me  it was a software problem and it's still a problem.
turned out to be a microsoft problemYou were unable to solve the problem due to your software not being compatible with iMac 10.8.2.
The issue (being unable to scroll an internet   page) was only partially resolved however this is a problem with the internet rather than the computerExcellent help and service.
my computer is still not workingTechnician advised that the problem was with my desktop computer  not the printer  so I will be seeking further help elsewhere.
The printer worked with two laptops  so likely to be USB driver issue or similar.
the printer keeps disconnecting from the internet has for the last  3 weeks and have not resolved   problem.
Thank you to George and HP.
lolag@bigpond.comTime is not the factor the most importance thing to the resolve the problem.
Thank you HP.
I was not made to feel an idiot for not coping on my own which was a nice change with computer support.
Thanksstill having problems  not sure what it isI had no idea how to work this machine and am happy to just print  maybe later I will ring again and find out out to Scan and print in   colour.
I could not be more pleased with the expert attention my problem received and the way it was resolved.
Hp solved my problem.
Very not user   friendly.
One should not have to go all that trouble to set up a new computer  especially when I am paying a technician to do the operation  1 1/2 hrs wasted @ $95.00 p/h.
HP should make installation simple.
No  do not replywas to hard to work out my situationproblem not resolved and yesterday I received a phone call form someone saying they were from Microsoft Windows and error messages were being received by them  indicating a malignant virus.
As I had not contacted them  I was suspicious and hung up.
I ended up paying $140 for a knowledgable local technition to solve the problem which i feel could have been done over the phone  not happy  CharlieI still haven't resolved problem yet.
Have ordered a new modem to see if that is causing the wi fi communication problem from   computer to printer.
Thank goodness there are smart people working for HP in   the Philippines!
Both staff i spoke to were very helpful and patient.
Thank you!
The assistant was very patient me being an old Fossil not very technically savvy  she made it very easy.
I couldn't connect my new HP to my wireless network at home  the solution was to go to my network provider to give the right codes which I now have yippee  also very helpful.
My computer still gets a very noisy hum which is very annoying.It does not happen all the time.
The person did not listen and the issue remains unresolved- why should I bother contacting u again and wasting over 1 hour   of my time and still not getting anywhereI was very impressed with Heidi's professionalism & communication skills.
CongratulationsLovely technician and extremely helpfulI told your ????
I was unable to print from my computer or scan from the printer - all connections to our 3 computers are wireless.
Your employee Dale was extremely polite and very professional I am always going to purchase HPI was impressed with thoroughness of your representative and his resolve to solve the problem.
I NEEDED TO EMPLOY AN EXTERNAL IT SPECIALIST TO CORRECT THE PROBLEM - YOUR STAFF COULD NOT RECOMMEND A FIXI would like to thank your team for their excellent help and patience in helping to set up my computer and printer.
I should know what to do if the same problem occurs again with my printerI was promised a call back 5 days ago to get the problem fixed.
he was very patient and extremely helpful!!
Person was polite  helpful  understandingwell im still waiting for a return phone call to resolve issue!
ref #8063234116VERY  PLEASEDI could not speak highly enough of the lady who was the support person.
the person I spoke with was very professional and most of all her english and understanding was goodit was a simple problem that I was told not do with hp but bigpond this was not correct and I found out how to fix the problem on googleWireless issue.
Not desk pc problem.
Extremely professional  efficent and pleasantHP is a good product but the technical support team's ability to handle problems needs to improve.
I was having issues with my internet and was not able to use printer wirelessly.
This was resolved with your patient technical support.
Thank you for thatIssue.
Not resolved yet - win 8 tiles not workingI was pleased that the advisor went over and above what I would have expected.
Hi  Even with maximum force I could not Remove the plastic covers on a new set of HP Ink cartridges.
Disappointing support.
Installation if wireless printer- Very Goodshocking  unable to understand  had to repeat what I said constantly  what was not clearInformation given very helpful.
Printer connected to computer after complet Restore to factory settingsI had just purchased the printer.
thanksI was very pleased with the way they helped me instal my new printer great people to deal with i cannot thank them enough  regards brian walkerVery GoodAll I wanted was a new paper tray for my HP PhotoSmart B110a.
It's a commonly-broken and easily-replaced plastic part on the front   of the printer.
It took the gain city salesperson more than a day to get a hp technician to call me.
Took another 2 days   for the salesman to call hp again to call me a second time.
I doubt that I will by a HP PC again.
I was very satisfied with the way your staff attended to me even though the issue was not resolved.
